Now for this section,
I got another example project for you.
It's actually still the same project as before
but it comes with an example workflow already
in the .github/workflows folder,
and this is a finished workflow
that will work like that,
and that will be activated
whenever we push to the main branch,
but that's the workflow we'll also work on
and enhance throughout this course section.
Now of course we also need a GitHub repository, as always,
and therefore here I'll initialize this project here
with Git to get a local Git repository,
and then I'll create my initial commit here, like this,
and with that initial commit created here,
I'll also switch to GitHub again
to create a new repository there,
and I'll name it gh-data,
but as always the name is up to you.
It can be public or private.
Here, I'll make it private,
but it does not matter for this section,
and then with that repository created, as always,
we grab the URL and add it
as a remote repository here, with the origin identifier
and with the username added here
to make sure that we're using that user for authenticating,
and then I will push my main branch
after establishing the link like this,
and with that done, we got that GitHub repository
with which we'll work throughout this course section.